ah
good and we are then in the small
theater watching women school one
work of molière I am with the director
rodrigo saldarriaga olarra rodrigo as
It's so good
thank you very much tell us about what
treats the work is with women is a
of the funniest comedies of
molière I think it's a bit
autobiographical
we lived very well suffered a lot with the
horns
and wrote a play about the horns
about patience
of men because
we live a life nothing for nothing
we keep the text intact of very well
and the costumes of the time then a
very nice dialogue between one thing very
contemporary and one thing completely
baroque
the woman
as a thing
because fire is deceptive and often
take the woman
He can not wait
from Tuesday to Saturday at seven thirty
at night there are functions in small
theater with free admission and contribution
volunteer you are the guests
these chairs are for you the
we hope many thanks
Y
of everything
terrible
continues with us the news in
events made in our networks
We are social on YouTube YouTube and
twitter as aerolito hd